your XP is good for the money it's good
for the items but when you want to start
making more than what quest can give you
then the best way to do it is to go out
farm stuff select the vendors your
vendor trash it or try to play the
auction house which I do from time to
time I come in I try to play the auction
house items that people need a lot for
example like bowtie pieces you can come
on and list boat pie pieces repair tools
sell pretty good talismans talismans
always sell pretty good exchangeable
these coins right here these coins sell
really well because as we learned
earlier in this video you have to have
those tokens those coins to spin the
wheels you get the boat pie pieces to
get the purple weapons to upgrade
current purple weapons and stuff like
that so but you can essentially go out
and form these little tokens right here
and come and just sell them on the
auction up now one more quick tip on
these slots right here you can unlock
these slots with specific things say for
example these just happen to be
randomized I got this one I got two
squares and I got a free one that I
can't open up well I can make that free
when any one of these shapes that I
would like it to be I want it to be a
triangle shape I would use this triangle
tool on a square one on the five side
six side you know octagon is all that
you can change it to whatever whichever
shape you want by using the correct tool
now these tools you can buy on the
auction house but they are expensive I'm
trying to find one right now I forgot
what sex in there in thinking the coins
yeah you'll need these coins and with
these these specific shape coins you'll
go to certain vendors and you can buy
the upgrade tools and then those tools
are used to unlock certain shapes
but on that's that's kind of just a
general overview of you know a lot of
the things that you need to know as a
new player come into this game and maybe
it'll be some tips that can help a lot
of you guys that are already playing the
game one other thing that was asked was
how to mail people I think you have to
be level 18 to mail if i remember
correctly and who your mailing to has to
also be I think level 18 if i remember
correctly I it's been a while since I've
had to mail anything to someone that was
under level 18 so yeah but that's that's
basically it guys I'll show you guys
which server i play on because i know a
lot of you guys have asked um I better
go up to the start to say that I've
asked what server it is that I play on I
don't know the name of the server so
I'll just have to show you what it looks
like um on my screen here
make sure and now I don't have
simplified chinese turn on so this won't
appear these won't appear in chinese but
it looked its ? d ? why ? ? now if i go
to the big list by clicking that
triangle that was right here it's this
server it's the third one on the top row
over from the left
that one right there now um I'll go
ahead and open the game up
long and real quick
and I will show you guys the sub server
that i play on those are not actual
servers those our server regions on the
launcher and then the sub servers are
the actual servers that you play on
try to keep this video under 30 minutes
so I'm at 24 minutes right now some will
try to hurry up and wrap this up
if my game will hurry up and launch you
see what I'm saying like I do so much
web browsing and so much other stuff on
this system that it's just over time I
system get bogged down and the games
just get slower and slower and slower
with loading and no matter how much I
malware scan and how much I virus can
remove crap and all that stuff it still
never gets as fast as it does it's just
a fresh a fresh white so this name right
here
as you can see this is the sub server
that I'm on
I can't make it any bigger and I don't
have any free slots to show you on the
list but that's that's it right there
but that's I'm going to wrap this video
up that's pretty much it you guys make
sure to subscribe to the channel if
you're not subscribed leave any comments
below asking more questions you guys
have been really awesome at asking
questions about this game and I'm more
than happy to research and try to find
the answers for you and I hope this
video has helped you out I hope now you
guys can go on upgrade weapons upgrade
gear you understand the boat pi sets how
they work and where you get all this
stuff from you get them from the wheels
with the tokens each new zone has its
own boss mini boss that you fight and it
has its own color token that first zone
just happens to be a red coin a red
token um the wheels give you different
tiers stuff like that first one where m
gives you that low-level purple weapon
in the low level boat i set the next
zone up we'll have a wheel that gives
you a little bit higher weapon and
another higher level boat i set and it
just that's how you progress through the
game that's the best place to get gear
other than going and running raids and
stuff like that on if you're just out
leveling and you just need some tips on
where to get good gear from you don't
have to buy it off the auction Alex you
get it from the wheels this takes a
little patience just got to keep farming
the thing over and over to get you you
know 15 20 tokens together then go and
start spinning the wheel and spin it
till you get a weapon that you can use
and the complete bhopal set for that
zone as always you guys take care and
make sure you subscribe make sure you
leave comments share the video thumbs up
and peace